---
inFeed: false
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: 'We insights driven public affairs service to help clients move opinion and win the conversation. '
datePublished: '2015-11-02T21:43:06.050Z'
dateModified: '2015-11-02T21:43:01.417Z'
title: Public Affairs
sourcePath: _posts/2015-11-02-services.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: services/index.html
_type: WebPage

---
**Selected Practice Areas**

* Nonprofit & Trade Groups
* Coalitions & Advocacy Organizations
* Public Entities,  Public Finance & Economic Development
* Corporate

**Services**

**Strategic Communications**

Crafting and delivering an effective message to the right audience is essential for getting results. We've helped clients tell their stories through precise targeting and tailored strategic advice.

**Digital Strategy**

Navigating the segmented digital media landscape can be complicated. We help our clients target their audiences through the right channels, whether it be through outreach to bloggers, targeted advertising, social media or web development. We are Certified NationBuilder Experts.

**Media Production **

Telling your story effectively starts with attention-grabbing media that cuts through the clutter. From print to video, we can help you craft and deploy compelling video, print and digital.

**Crisis Management**

In a fast-paced digital world, crisis can move at the speed of the Internet. PubliticsPR+Digital helps clients leverage a variety of tools to both avoid crisis and to effectively communicate before, during and after crisis.

**Direct Mail **

We create precisely targeted attention grabbing direct mail that compliments efforts across media.

**Governmental+Community Affairs **

Achieving buy-in for your projects is essential to success. We help communicate with major stakeholders to help you get the job done.

**Strategic Counsel + Research**

We help clients understand the players and the landscape in the marketplace in order to build stronger brands, narratives and positioning.

* Public opinion research
* Message testing
* Qualitative research
* Competitive intelligence

**Media Relations **

We help clients navigate the rapidly shifting realities of media. We provide media outreach and training to clients as well as can serve as a public facing extension of your organization.

**Coalition Building**

Finding the right partners to advance your message is key.  We help clients find and cultivate strategic partnerships that will get the job done.